Warm hard-to-get tricks
Playing too much will only outweigh the gains
A scheming woman like you
My heart is limited
You got it right.
I do have some interest in you
Smart woman
Know how to take advantage of men's interests
Get something more
But be careful to be smart
I have several relationships with you.
But it's really just chance
I know you may not believe it
But
I really didn't plan to approach you
You helped me tonight.
I will definitely repay you.
What do you take?
He was rich and powerful.
And I'm just running around for a living
What can I do in return?
I've seen a lot of women like you
Too greedy for vanity
Deep-minded women don't end well
I advise you not to push your luck.